k friends put sure that's down
oh do you like in this next
fight this 15-pound Terrapin in
Africa's lake tanganyika who's
looking for fish eggs or the
parents of those eggs
never underestimate the wrath of
an angry parents the Terrapins
shot down
he tries again
read check the Terrapin is
starting to get a little annoy
yeah he's not gonna take that
from a couple of fish the
cichlids have just begun to
fight
it's their offspring of
protecting and that's back
first a bite and then push comes
to shock
and then shove turns to launch
as these feisty fish make their
message clear
get out of town buddy the
Terrapin is so out of here